My name is Bill Hoppy. I'm an inspector representing the town of Warwick. I worked on the projects for about a year and a half, the final year and a half of the project, seeing it all come together.
And it was very interesting seeing everything finalized and how great it looks now.
The project was an absolute pleasure to work on, rarely have I seen conditions that were more professional and people that were just friendlier and nicer and just more skilled than any of the projects that I've ever been on.
The conditions everywhere were extremely clean and it was one of the safest projects that ever worked on the safety on the project was second and none.
And I learned a lot working on this project just how well things can be implemented.
It was interesting seeing all the green initiatives and the innovative technologies that were being applied to the project.
It was a lot of modern and state-of-the-art technology that was being put in and it was really nice to see everything being implemented like that.
I'm just very, very impressed with the level of attention that was paid to the ecosystem and the environment during the constructionist project and the maintenance of it and just how environmentally aware the whole construction was.
And it's really, I think it's a great example for other construction projects to follow.
I do miss being on the project, working in the city and going to daily battles with contractors and things makes me miss the cooperation that I experienced on this project and just the general level of workmanship.
And I was kind of spoiled, I felt like being on this project a little bit.
And so if you guys have any new World Headquarters being built, definitely let me know.